Translation corrections (#468)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_017.txt

			NULL, "\"Keiichi is my partner.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s14/05/210500853", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "浮気相手なのですよ。にぱ～♪」",

> 			NULL, " The boy I'm cheating with. Nipah~♪.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " My adulterous companion. Nipah~♪.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#956f6e>圭一</color>", NULL, "<color=#956f6e>Keiichi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210101460", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「う、浮気って…」",

> 			NULL, "\"C-cheating...?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"A-adulterous...?\"", Line_Normal);
```

	//rあの時赤坂は、その言葉の意味がわからなかった。…いや、理解しようとは思えなかった。
		if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
		OutputLine(NULL, "あの時赤坂は、その言葉の意味がわからなかった。…いや、理解しようとは思えなかった。",
				NULL, "Akasaka didn't understand the meaning of her words back then. ...No, he didn't try to understand.", Line_Normal);
		ClearMessage();

	//r正直なところ、荒唐無稽な言葉のようにも感じられて、…それよりも自分の怪我のこと、妻の雪絵のこと、そして誘拐事件の顛末のことばかりを考えるだけだった。
		if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
		OutputLine(NULL, "正直なところ、荒唐無稽な言葉のようにも感じられて、…それよりも自分の怪我のこと、妻の雪絵のこと、そして誘拐事件の顛末のことばかりを考えるだけだった。",

> 				NULL, "To be perfectly honest, they seemed like nonsensical childish ramblings... and he was far more concerned about his own injuries, his wife Yukie, and the circumstances of the end of the kidnapping case.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				NULL, "To be perfectly honest, they seemed like nonsensical childish ramblings... and he was far more concerned about his own injuries, his wife Yukie, and the circumstances at the end of the kidnapping case.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6972c1>梨花</color>", NULL, "<color=#6972c1>Rika</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s14/05/210500860", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…ほ、…本当に長いこと待たせやがったです…。",
			NULL, "\"...You... You really did keep me waiting for so long...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s14/05/210500861", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "そして、…こんな最期の最期の世界で、",

> 			NULL, " And... only now, in this final, final world...", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " And... in this final, final world...", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s14/05/210500857", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "……本当に都合よく帰って来やがったのです…。",

> 			NULL, " do you conveniently come back like none of that ever happened...", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " it's so fortunate that you really came back...", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"...Understood.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 8, "ps3/s14/08/210800024", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "確かに、お金の勘違いでギスギスした雰囲気になるのはいやだからね。",

> 			NULL, " I don't want to make things awkward over a misunderstanding with money either.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " I don't want to make things awkward over a financial misunderstanding, either.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine(NULL, "", NULL, "<size=-2>", Line_Continue); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "まず、富竹に鷹野を疑わせることが第一。そして、その派生として真相の一部でもつかんでもらえたら、今後の展開が有利にも運ぶうえ富竹の生還も、可能性が高まるだろう。",

> 			NULL, "The first step is to make Tomitake suspicious of Takano. Then, if he's able to arrive at even a part the truth thanks to this charade, Tomitake will prove advantageous in the future. And it might even increase his chances of survival.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "The first step is to make Tomitake suspicious of Takano. Then, if he's able to arrive at even part the truth thanks to this charade, Tomitake will prove advantageous in the future. And it might even increase his chances of survival.", Line_Normal);
```
